well it's the end of day three of all
starts here at the NA LCS to do with
coverage presented by HCC eSports I'm
joined right now by Candace see if I can
remember how to pronounce your name new
song song song
I'm here with Candace from the podcast
so interviewed you not too long ago at
worlds
I did not know you were going to be
coming to all-star when did you find out
you were going to come to LA for
all-star it's been I've been very busy
I've been very busy
our whole na LCS thing just changed
there's new teams it's very confusing
okay I remember exactly when you told me
you were gonna come out for all-star and
now you're here how is this your first
time in Los Angeles I know because I be
here yes
last year so like where she mission was
here
oh yeah for finals oh boy it's been a
long day
wait but have you had a chance to do
anything fun I know some of the teams
went to Disneyland yep iving see though
that's none we Sauer out feel like
flares you know it's really enjoy that
day because we were so exciting to play
all that kind of exciting right actually
the flare is art really nervous really
are you really nervous they were saying
never know I would not go you can go I
would just wait here for you guys
but we just push them to go to the rice
and then they finish their right to say
oh but we say we have to wait one more
or two more hour
are you serious oh did you go on roller
coasters or just easy rides
yeah they love that very good well what
have you thought of all-star because I
will tell you that with all the fans
here I feel like I'm still at Worlds
actually I think we are a lvl Auto fans
are cheering for lvl like players and
also they're writing the papers like lvl
Jo
which is very strange I did not did you
know that so many LPL fans would be here
actually I don't know
surprise just surprise me
well speaking of LPL they are doing very
well they have made it to the finals are
you proud of them and are you surprised
at all actually we're so like he's not
that much confident coming into today's
match us because we are against lck
all-star players they're super hard for
our players so but at a like the second
game weird
I said cheer for Elmo yeah we are we but
well Arcadia we the meanie is just still
in the Nexus
so I just feel so sad but at last we
waiting so I was in the audience and all
the LPL fans are around me and they
started chanting LPL LPL and then I just
started laughing so hard because the
minions is very pretty is really like
surprised me Allah and IOC gay players
there looks like not that happy at the
end of the second game kuzey and
bjergsen and the 1v1 tomorrow who's
gonna win I think because I think
bjergsen so that's cuz I think Ozzy is
so looking less here yeah so I think
like inna micro so he is like bad I
don't think so mm maybe it was he yeah
but you can't sink a Pierson they both
are very good very good
there's bjergsen one previously and then
Izzy one previously so it's a rematch
yeah it's gonna be really exciting solo
like tomorrow will be the most like I
just despaired I'd like to hear or like
to see they're playing together
well so do you think LPL can win
tomorrow and the dream team 5 e 5 I have
confidence in them but I don't know
because like everything will happen oh
are you do you leave Monday the day
after tomorrow
back to China actually no I always stay
here for like 5 more days
nice what are you gonna do to play with
my colleague oh yeah the girl was me we
are going to like see you around of
Santiago yeah take a look at there
because I never been to San Diego yeah
san diego's red did we talk about this
before did you tell me this nope
good I'm glad I'm glad I didn't forget
this one because I'm are you like going
to San Diego's the first time well cuz I
am from San Diego that's why so yes so
you're a San Diego ok San Diego is very
good other than that what has it been
like for you to be in the na LCS to do
because the last event you did was any
much much much bigger arena and now we
are here so what's it like for you to
kind of switch back actually I don't
know what kind of family because the
first time I be here I will be like
really are we how dr hasta here are you
serious but by accepte i think we've all
accepted it yeah
and now there's one be ones out here
with faker playing in some of the fans
so it's kind of a cool different
experience other than that what do you
do now because this is the last event
for the end of the year so you go off on
holiday and relax or do you get ready
for next year
actually I have a lot like planes to do
because I have low work its back to
China and I have to host a another event
it's like though my shopping it's like
another event very very cool well so
we've got people roaming around is there
anything that you want to say to any of
the fans out there actually I hope
fans will like me like I have used to
say but I'm sorry that I got like my
voice broke it sounds not as sweet
anymore
well Sox is sick and Avila is sick so
all of you are six all-star girls sick -
exactly
right here and hopefully I'm not sick as
I've been holding this microphone yeah
yeah yeah yeah there we go
yeah all right thank you so much for the
interview good to see you again for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of my coverage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel